After adding maps in the last section of this course it's now time to tap into real native device features
so certain features that might only be supported by mobile devices or that are baked into mobile devices.
Things like accessing the camera.
Therefore in this module we'll have a look at how capacitor works which is the tool we'll use for that.
Now you might remember that I introduced capacitor earlier in this course already.
So here we'll have a brief refresher on that.
We'll then dive into using two specific capacitor API eyes and that would be the geo location which
allows us to get a current location off the user so that this is an alternative to picking a spot on
a map and we'll have a look at using the camera so we can use the device camera to take a picture.
Well then of course also use that picture and upload it.